A Database Management System (DBMS) is 
software used to create, store, 
manage, and retrieve data. 

Student
REG_NO   NAME   AGE 
101	 CCC	25
105	 DDD	39
107 	 MMM	76

create table student(regno int,
name varchar(10),age int);

desc student;


insert into student values(101,'www',34);

			DATA TYPES 


An Entity Relationship (ER) Diagram is 
a visual blueprint of a database. 

TYPES OF ENTITY
	STRONG ENTITY
	WEAK ENTITY
	ASSOCIATIVE
	SUPERTYPE (overlap, Disjoint)

TYPES OF ATTRIBUTE
	Unique Attribute
	Multi-Valued Attribute
	Optional Attribute
	Composite Attribute
	Derived Attribute

TYPES OF CARDINALITIES RELATIONSHIP
	one to one
	one to many
	many to one
	many to many







Draw an ER Diagram for the bank. Make suitable 
assumptions and use them in showing maximum and 
minimum cardinality 
ratios.A bank has many branches, and a large number of 
customers. A customer can open many different 
kinds of accounts with the bank. 
The bank keeps track of the customer with 
his aathar_Number, name, address, and phone number. 
Age is a factor to check whether he is a major. 
There are different types of loans, each identified 
by a loan number. Customer can take out more than 
one type of loan, and all branches can give loans. 
Loans have a duration and interest rate.

A company manufactures and sells many products 
through different warehouses. Each product is identified 
by a Product_ID, product name, category, 
price, and manufacturing date. Customers 
can purchase multiple products, and a 
product can be purchased by many customers. 
Every customer has a Customer_ID, name, email, 
address, and phone number.
Warehouses store many products, and each 
warehouse is identified by Warehouse_ID, 
location, and storage capacity. 
Orders are placed by customers, 
and each order contains one or more products. 
Orders have order date, delivery date, and payment status. 
The company also maintains supplier details. 
A supplier can supply many products, and a product 
may be supplied by multiple suppliers.

	
	
A company has many departments and employees. 
Each employee is identified by Employee_ID, name, 
address, phone number, salary, and date of joining. 
Employees work in departments, and every 
department is identified by Department_ID, 
department name, and location.
A department can have many employees, 
but an employee works in only one department. 
Each department is managed by one manager, 
who is also an employee. Employees can work 
on multiple projects, and a project can involve 
many employees. Projects are identified by 
Project_ID, project name, budget, and duration.
The company also keeps track of attendance 
and payroll details. Employees receive salaries 
through payroll records, and attendance is 
maintained daily.





A stock brokerage company manages many investors and listed companies. Each investor 
is identified by Investor_ID, name, address, phone number, PAN number, and 
email address. Investors can buy and sell shares of multiple companies.Each company 
is identified by Company_ID, company name, stock symbol, market capitalization, and 
sector type. A company can issue many shares, and many 
investors can own shares of the same company. 
Transactions are recorded with Transaction_ID, transaction date, transaction 
type (buy/sell), quantity, and share price.
The brokerage firm also maintains broker details. Each broker is identified 
by Broker_ID, name, license number, and phone number. 
A broker can handle many investors, while an investor is assigned to 
one broker. The system also tracks dividend payments 
issued 
by companies to shareholders.




